fields

Attribute	Type	Description

key	        string	The key that relates to the model. This will link the field value to the model.

id	        string	This allows you to specify the id of your field. Note, the id is generated if not set.

name	    string	If you wish, you can specify a specific name for your field. This is useful if you're posting the form to a server using techniques of yester-year.

type	    string	The type of field to be rendered. More information over at Custom templates.

className	string	You can specify your own class that will be applied to the formly-field directive.

templateOptions	object	This is reserved for the templates. Any template-specific options go in here. Look at your specific template implementation to know the options required for this.

template	string	Can be set instead of type to render custom html content.

defaultValue any	If this is provided and the value of the model at compile-time is undefined, then the value of the model will be assigned the defaultValue.

hide	    boolean	Whether to hide the field. Defaults to false. If you wish this to be conditional use hideExpression.

hideExpression	boolean or string or function	Conditionally hide the field based on values from other fields.

expressionProperties	boolean or string or function	An object where the key is a property to be set on the main field config and the value is an expression used to assign that property.

focus	    boolean	Whether to focus or blur the element field. Defaults to false. If you wish this to be conditional use expressionProperties

wrappers	string[]	It is expected to be the name of the wrappers. The formly field template will be wrapped by the first wrapper, then the second, then the third, etc. You can also specify these as part of a type (which is the recommended approach).

parsers	    function[]	Array of functions to execute, as a pipeline, whenever the model updates, usually via user input.

fieldGroup	FormlyFieldConfig[]	A field group is a way to group fields together, making advanced layout very simple. It can also be used to group fields that are associated with the same model (useful if it's different than the model for the rest of the fields).

fieldArray	FormlyFieldConfig	

fieldGroupClassName	string	Specify your own class that will be applied to the formly-group component.

validation	object	An object with a few useful properties: messages, show

validators	any	Used to set validation rules for a particular field. Should be an object of key - value pairs. The value can either be an expression to evaluate or a function to run. Each should return a boolean value, returning true when the field is valid. See Validation for more information.

asyncValidators	any	Use this one for anything that needs to validate asynchronously. Pretty much exactly the same as the validators api, except it must be a function that returns a promise.

formControl	    AbstractControl	This is the FormControl for the field. It provides you more control like running validators, calculating status, and resetting state.

modelOptions	object	An object with a few useful properties to control the model changes: debounce, updateOn